README.md, before:

# PaintingSpinner
Arduino-based hardware platform for interactively spinning a painting using a DC motor, infrared rangefinder and custom 3D printed components.

## Components

- Arduino Uno R3
- A [99:1, 300oz-in gearmotor](https://www.pololu.com/product/3207) driven by a [Cytron 10A DC Motor Driver Shield](http://www.robotshop.com/en/10a-dc-motor-driver-arduino-shield.html)
- Two 3W speakers driven by a [Cytron Easy MP3 Shield](http://www.robotshop.com/en/cytron-easy-mp3-shield.html)
- A [Sharp 2Y0A02 distance sensor](https://www.sparkfun.com/products/8958)
- Salvaged bicycle parts (chain, 26t and 14t gears)
- Various sizes of [scrap wood](https://github.com/jasonwebb/PaintingSpinner/blob/master/BOMs/Wood%20cutlist.csv)
- Various custom [3D printed parts](https://github.com/jasonwebb/PaintingSpinner/tree/master/CAD) designed in Fusion 360
- Various wood screws and angle brackets

## Electronics architecture
![Architecture](docs/architecture.png)

## Mechanical assembly
![Assembly](docs/assembly/assembled-iso.png)

## Finished and installed
![Finished and assembled](docs/assembly/finished-and-installed.jpg)

![Nadia approaching](docs/install/nadia-approach.gif)

![Spinning](docs/install/spinning.jpg)

Commit message:

Added CC-BY-NC-SA license

README.md, after:

# PaintingSpinner
Arduino-based hardware platform for interactively spinning a painting using a DC motor, infrared rangefinder and custom 3D printed components.

## Components

- Arduino Uno R3
- A [99:1, 300oz-in gearmotor](https://www.pololu.com/product/3207) driven by a [Cytron 10A DC Motor Driver Shield](http://www.robotshop.com/en/10a-dc-motor-driver-arduino-shield.html)
- Two 3W speakers driven by a [Cytron Easy MP3 Shield](http://www.robotshop.com/en/cytron-easy-mp3-shield.html)
- A [Sharp 2Y0A02 distance sensor](https://www.sparkfun.com/products/8958)
- Salvaged bicycle parts (chain, 26t and 14t gears)
- Various sizes of [scrap wood](https://github.com/jasonwebb/PaintingSpinner/blob/master/BOMs/Wood%20cutlist.csv)
- Various custom [3D printed parts](https://github.com/jasonwebb/PaintingSpinner/tree/master/CAD) designed in Fusion 360
- Various wood screws and angle brackets

## License
This work is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/).

Use this project to learn, tinker and share with friends. All commercial uses are forbidden without express written permission.

[![Creative Commons license](https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png)](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/)

## Electronics architecture
![Architecture](docs/architecture.png)

## Mechanical assembly
![Assembly](docs/assembly/assembled-iso.png)

## Finished and installed
![Finished and assembled](docs/assembly/finished-and-installed.jpg)

![Nadia approaching](docs/install/nadia-approach.gif)

![Spinning](docs/install/spinning.jpg)
